# Responsible Disclosure Policy

Flow was built from the ground up with security in mind. Our code, infrastructure, and development methodology helps us keep our users safe.

We really appreciate the community's help. Responsible disclosure of vulnerabilities helps to maintain the security and privacy of everyone.

If you care about making a difference, please follow the guidelines below.

# **Guidelines For Responsible Disclosure**

We ask that all researchers adhere to these guidelines [here](https://flow.com/flow-responsible-disclosure).

Additionally, please include the following in the security report:

- the name and version of the AI, scanner, etc. that detected the issue (this can help us handle reports generated by buggy tools more efficiently)

- list of affected platforms (Atree is only officially supported on 64-bit architectures)

- version of the unmodified [Flow Emulator](https://github.com/onflow/flow-emulator) used to check the reported issue (issue might be prevented by Flow components that set or enforce limits on Atree)

Before submitting a security report, please review your source code included in the report. For example, please make sure the reported panic isn't caused by an overlooked mistake in the report's test code.

# Flow Rewards

To qualify for a Flow protocol reward, the vulnerability reproducer should use unmodified version of flow-emulator on Flow localnet.  If modifying the source code of any Flow component is necessary to reproduce the vulnerability, please describe each modification and why the vulnerability cannot be reproduced without modifying Flow components.

Security reports should not evaluate Atree as a standalone component, because Atree relies on some limits and security guarantees provided by other components in Flow (such as `onflow/cadence` and `onflow/flow-go`).  Before submitting a report, please try to reproduce the vulnerability using a Cadence script running on unmodified flow-emulator.
